README.md, before:

# README

This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version

* System dependencies

* Configuration

* Database creation

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...



my thoughts on https://scotch.io/tutorials/build-a-restful-json-api-with-rails-5-part-one
- thanks https://github.com/andela and https://scotch.io/ !
- nice rails api boiler plate as any to get a project up and running
- solid boiler plate to scale/swap off of: versioned api, faker, rspec, pagination, serialization, jwt token based auth
- jwt token based auth security TODOS:
* eliminate XSS attacks on client local storage by storing jwt in cookie config'ed with 'http_only' & 'secure'. The signed jwt is essentially plain text (base64 encoded), so implement encrypt/decrypt during read/write/auth token. Keep rails csrf protection unaffected.
- oof, after impementing jwt joepie91 has some good points: http://cryto.net/~joepie91/blog/2016/06/13/stop-using-jwt-for-sessions/ oh well, at least some exp
- learned about content negotiation, cool
- todo: swap in fast json serializer
- liked the exception handling to keep code simple
- nice use of helper modules
- added redux. I like this approach to split store-state/react-views and organize react directory's by function, and store (ducks) directories by feature. Will see if it pans out

Commit message:

Redirect after logging in. Add immutability helper dependency. move components into views folder

README.md, after:

# README

This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version

* System dependencies

* Configuration

* Database creation

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...



my thoughts on https://scotch.io/tutorials/build-a-restful-json-api-with-rails-5-part-one
- thanks https://github.com/andela and https://scotch.io/ !
- nice rails api boiler plate as any to get a project up and running
- solid boiler plate to scale/swap off of: versioned api, faker, rspec, pagination, serialization, jwt token based auth
- jwt token based auth security TODOS:
* eliminate XSS attacks on client local storage by storing jwt in cookie config'ed with 'http_only' & 'secure'. The signed jwt is essentially plain text (base64 encoded), so implement encrypt/decrypt during read/write/auth token. Keep rails csrf protection unaffected.
- oof, after impementing jwt joepie91 has some good points: http://cryto.net/~joepie91/blog/2016/06/13/stop-using-jwt-for-sessions/ oh well, at least some exp
- learned about content negotiation, cool
- todo: swap in fast json serializer
- liked the exception handling to keep code simple
- nice use of helper modules
- added redux. I like this approach to split store-state/react-views and organize react directory's by feature, and store (ducks) directories by function. Will see if it pans out
- after reading a bunch and coding & re-coding, I think I have a good sense of what my cononical redux boiler-plate-framework is: organize react by feature, organize redux by function, use single file ducks, reducers clean, action creaters basic and crud-ish, put any complex action creator (ie, waiting for success response, then redirect...) in component, break into smart/dumb if file becomes unweidly. Use "wrapper" when surrounding a single thing, use "container" when surrounding multiple things or for layout
